Amy: Previously on "heartland":
Tim: Garland sent a
photographer to take pictures
Of the three of us.
Jack: I know.
- That's just you.
- I know!
- Well, why are you
the only face in that ad?
- 'cause it's a really
great picture.
- This woman has gone
from being...
My nightmare ex-boss
to my nice ex-boss,
In less than a year.
- I know. I know.
I know, it happened fast,
But she makes dad happy.
- That's true.
- You made it!
- Fred...
- You know,
The heartland cowboys will be
a huge draw to our booth.
Your first meet and greet's
in 20 minutes, and then,
You are booked from then up
until the big party tonight.
- But all the other girls at
school are already babysitting.
And, and they're
making big bucks!
- Well, you can make big bucks
next year.
♪♪♪
(hooves thuds echo,
horse snorts)
♪♪♪
- You and shadow
sure look good together.
- (chuckles) yeah, we're
starting to form a real bond.
Sorta like you and buddy.
- (chuckles) yeah.
We're lookin' forward to that
cattle drive tomorrow, too.
Isn't that right,
you old salty dog.
- (laughs)
come on, shadow.
(slow hooves thuds echo)
(trowel scrapes)
(screen door shuts)
Tim: Morning!
Both: Hi!
- I uh...
Cleared off the dining room
table for you.
What's that about?
- Fred garland's comin' over.
- What's so exciting
about that?
- Our star photographer's gonna
pitch him
A new ad campaign.
- Oh?
- Well, it's not that far
from what he's already done,
But I thought it would be
really cool if we did
A photo series of the whole
fleming-bartlett clan,
Right here on this amazing
ranch.
Tim: Tell 'em the slogan.
- "from our family to yours,
heartland beef."
- Except this time, the whole
family, not just jack.
All: (chuckle)
Jessica: So, these are just some
inspirational stock images,
But I wanna do something
like this.
I want your customers
to feel even more connected
To heartland beef.
- "from our family to yours,
heartland beef."
It's pretty good, huh?
Fred: Yeah, I like it,
but I'm not sure
That these photos
match the adventure,
And the old cowboy mystique
of that shot we use of jack.
- We can do way better
than that.
- Tim, we've got a problem.
Those guys I hired
For the cattle drive,
they backed down.
Hey, fred.
- Seriously?
- Well, we gotta do it
ourselves.
- We can't.
There's too many cows,
We're gonna have to postpone.
- I wanted to move 'em
last week.
We can't push this any further.
- Well, grandpa,
I can come along.
Shadow hasn't had much
experience with cows.
I'd like to see how he does.
- Well, maybe I can come, too.
Sorry, lisa,
I don't mean to assume.
- Oh, uh...
I was actually thinking of
Working from home this week.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, it'd be good
to hang with the girls,
And they're pretty much taking
care of themselves.
So, yeah, go ahead!
- Okay, well then, I'm in!
- You know what? So am I.
Because I can photograph the
family on the cattle drive,
For heartland beef.
And you should come too,
and then that way you can
Make sure that I'm getting
you what you need.
- Yeah, that's like
a great idea!
Plus, I've actually never been
on a cattle drive before.
That sounds like a hoot!
- (jack sighs)
♪♪♪
♪ and at the break of day ♪
♪ you sank into your dream ♪
♪ you dreamer ♪
♪ oh oh oh oh ♪
♪♪♪
Jack: You know,
I'm starting to think
That maybe we oughta postpone
that cattle drive.
- But grandpa,
we're all crewed up.
- Well, no it's a lot
of newbies,
And I don't want
this to turn into
One of those "city slicker"
movies.
- Hey, I take offence to that,
This isn't my first cattle
drive.
- No, I was talkin' about
garland.
Does he even know
how to ride a horse?
- You have yourself to thank
for that, jack.
If you hadn't have bought
mitch's herd,
We wouldn't need as big a crew
every time we do this.
- (sighs)
- Yeah, well, I for one,
am looking forward to the drive
'cause this is my first paid
photography gig
And I, I really wanna nail it.
Lisa: I think you're gonna
do great.
Can't wait to see what
you come back with.
- Thanks, lisa.
- Just maybe watch how much
equipment you bring,
You only have saddlebags
to put it in.
- That's a good point.
- I'm gonna get
some more potatoes.
♪♪♪
Lou, is everything all right?
- (scoffs) not really.
It's jessica.
It's like I can't shake her
lately. Everywhere I turn,
There she is with her smile
and her enthusiasm.
- Well, she is married
to our dad.
- Yeah, I know, and it sure
has changed things around here.
I mean, that is why I signed up
to go on this cattle drive,
To get a little space from her.
And now...
It's becoming the jessica show.
Just like everything else.
- (sighs)
♪♪♪
(footsteps approach)
- (winces)
Ah! Whew!
(mugs thud on table)
- Thank you.
- Today's the big day!
- I'm kinda freaking out
a little.
- What? Why?
- Well, you heard jack,
I've never been on a cattle
drive before.
- Oh, come on!
You're good on a horse.
You'll be fine.
Jack and I take care
of the herd,
All you gotta do is concentrate
on taking photos.
- Yeah, well, that's actually
what I'm worried about.
- Jess, your pictures
are always amazing.
- Okay, but that's
when I did it for fun,
On my own time.
This is a client.
I mean, this is
your family's beef business.
Everything has to be perfect.
I mean, what if I don't
get the right light?
What if I don't have the right
equipment with me?
I mean, it has to--
- sit. Breathe.
Breathe.
It's fine, see? Better.
- All right.
This is how I used to get
before a boardroom presentation.
- And I bet you nailed them.
- Yeah.
Well, I mean, most of the time.
I don't miss this stress!
- Yeah, but this is different.
You love this.
- That is exactly why
I don't wanna mess it up.
- You have amazing instincts.
Look who you decided to marry.
- (both laugh)
- Your instincts show up
in every photograph you take,
So, trust your instincts,
that's all you gotta do.
- I feel like one of your
rodeo students.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. I'm starting to see why
You're such a great coach.
What else do you tell them?
- Stop overthinking,
get your butt in the saddle,
And hang on for the ride.
You got this.
- Thanks, coach.
(birds chirp)
(door clicks open)
- (gasps) hi, sweetheart!
You're up early!
Oh, I love this.
Is this for me?
- Yeah!
It's you with the cows.
- Oh, I love it.
Love it so much.
I am gonna miss you, you know.
- (giggles)
- Are you sure you're okay
with me going away overnight?
- (excited gasp) I'm gonna play
with lisa and katie.
- You're gonna play
with lisa and katie?
- Yeah!
- Are you gonna have fun?
And draw some pictures?
Play games?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
You be a good girl, okay?
(chuckles)
- Whoa! Whoa! (chuckles)
- oh!
- She's full of beans
this morning!
- Yeah, at least she's not
dreading our night apart.
I just wish that
there was cell service,
So, I could at least check in.
- Amy, don't set yourself up
for a stressful couple days.
- So, I should just
roll with it, like lyndy.
- Yeah! It's only one night.
Let's just make the most of it.
(door creaks open,
footsteps thud)
- What a great day
for a photo shoot!
♪♪♪
- (chuckles)
- (exhales)
- (whispers) just roll with it.
- Yeah, right.
(both chuckle)
♪♪♪
- Fred, your hat's
on backwards.
(horse grunts)
- Oh.
- There ya go!
You settled?
- Yeah.
Jack: So, okay,
here's the game plan!
I'll take the lead.
- Surprise, surprise.
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
Tim, you and amy,
You'll steer the herd
from the sides.
Lou, jessica...
And fred...
You guys push from the rear.
- Can I take a side?
- Sorry, no. (camera clicks)
Least experienced
are at the back.
We'll get to the halfway
point today,
We'll set up camp
for the night there.
- Hey, thanks for uh,
getting me the exact location.
- And why did you need that?
- It's a surprise.
- All right, let's go to work.
(camera clicks)
- Let's head 'em up,
and move 'em out!
♪♪♪
Fred: (grunts)
(fred's horse snorts)
♪♪♪
Ugh! (pleased sigh)
(cows mooing)
♪♪♪
Lou: Hey! It's time
to get goin'!
(lou's horse whinnies)
(camera clicks)
Maybe you should put that away?
- Great, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
♪♪♪
(cows mooing)
Tim: Get up now!
Amy: Come on, cows!
Hep! (sharp whistling)
amy: Up! Up!
(shadow neighs)
- Hey.
Hey, you're okay.
Hey, hey.
What's the matter?
Ho. Hey.
(shadow snorts nervously)
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Shadow just doesn't seem
himself.
I guess it's his first
cattle drive.
- Yeah, well,
he'll have some jitters.
- Come on.
Come on, cows.
(cows mooing)
hep! Come on!
All: (cattle herding calls,
whistling)
- Hi!
- Hey, parker!
- Hi.
- Sorry, I forgot to tell you
she was coming over.
- Oh, no, that's all right.
You wanna stay for dinner,
honey?
- Sure! Thanks.
- Hey, I've got an idea,
We can make dinner together.
Is that okay?
- Wha-- I'd never say no
to help in the kitchen.
(chuckling)
- no, I mean,
Parker and I can make
dinner on our own.
- Yeah, then you could tell
amy and lou what a great job
We did, so they'll let us start
babysitting.
- Oh.
I'm game for that,
As long as you clean up
after you're finished.
- We promise.
- Okay. What're you gonna make?
- I dunno, we'll check
the fridge and cupboards,
See what we've got.
- All right!
Well, go for it!
Let the master chefs take over!
(footsteps recede)
(cutlery clinks)
Tim: Come on, jack!
Amy: Come one get up there!
(cows mooing)
Come on! Let's go.
(whistling)
♪♪♪
Jack: Yep, get 'em.
(camera clicks)
(cows mooing)
(whistling)
♪♪♪
(champ nickers)
- Well, you like
what you're seeing?
- Oh, this whole thing is a
photographer's dream shoot.
- All right, you two,
stay focused
On moving this herd
at a decent pace.
It's an important job.
I need you on your game.
- Yeah, of course!
- Yep.
♪♪♪
Yep! Yep!
(cows mooing)
(whistling)
♪♪♪
(approaching hooves thud)
- How's it goin' back there?
- Don't ask.
Herding the herders is as much
work as herding the cattle.
Especially garland.
I really wish your wife
hadn't invited him.
- Well, it's not jessica's
fault.
Plus, we needed the extra
bodies.
And let me remind you again
that we're in this situation
'cause you bought
those extra cattle.
- You just can't let that go.
Can ya?
- Well, you made a big decision
without me.
- I gave you the chance to get
on board, but ya didn't!
- Well, regardless, it's a big
job for the two of us.
Especially when one of us
hired a crew that backed out
At the last minute.
- That's not my fault!
- Well, you should've
had a backup plan.
Fred: Hey, excuse me? Guys?
Guys? Uh...
How much further is it,
to camp? I...
I'm getting a saddle sore.
(champ nickers,
tack jingles)
(horse snorts)
- uh, guys?
(cows mooing)
Amy: Get up! Up! Up!
- get up here!
(cows mooing)
amy: Up! Come on!
(tim whistles) hey!
Hey!
(cows mooing)
Lou: Hep! Come on!
(herding calls, cows mooing)
♪♪♪
(cows mooing)
(hooves thud)
(winces in pain)
(horse nickers)
Lisa: I'm excited!
I wonder what they made?
- Ready?
- Yes! (gasps)
- Ta da!
- Lasagna?
- They made your favourite!
- Oh, can I get the parmesan?
- Oh, yeah!
(footsteps thud)
Lisa: I am impressed!
This looks delicious!
(spoon clangs,
lasagna plops on plate)
Lisa: Mm-hmm!
Let me do that.
- I love it!
- (chuckles)
- I'm glad.
♪♪♪
- That's a very...
Unique taste. Is it um...
Sweeter than usual?
- Oh, yeah, we couldn't find
any tomato sauce.
- So, we went with ketchup.
Lyndy: Best lasagna ever!
- (pleased chuckle)
- (small cough)
♪♪♪
Jack: What the...?
What is this?
- Surprise!
- Ah, so this is why
you wanted the coordinates.
- I thought it would be great
to get some pictures
Of the family having dinner
After a day on the range.
Your staff was amazing.
They set the whole thing up.
- This is not how people eat
on a cattle drive.
Tim: It's an ad, jack.
It's supposed to be
inspirational.
Nobody wants to see you eatin'
beans from a can.
- We took some creative license
to sell
The heartland beef experience.
And...
There are some steaks
in the cooler
To put on the open fire.
- I think it's gonna be great,
honey!
♪♪♪
(phone beeps,
call disconnects)
- Hey, I thought you were
gonna take my advice,
And not torture yourself?
- Busted.
And I thought that wine
was for the photoshoot?
- Busted.
I'm gonna need it to put up
with jessica's enthusiasm.
- (sighs)
- What was up with shadow
today?
- Well, at first
I thought it was
'cause he's never really
worked cows before,
But now I have a new hunch.
- Which is?
- I'm feeling anxious...
Being away from lyndy,
And I think he's picking up
on it.
- You and I had a night away
at the dude ranch, last year.
- Okay, that was like,
10 minutes from home.
No, this is...
This is the first time I've
really been away since ty.
- I get it. But you know,
lyndy loves her time
With lisa and katie.
So, come on,
Let's go have some dinner.
- (chuckles)
- Maybe you'll even
have a little fun.
Garland and jessica really
wanna go all out on this.
Might as well enjoy ourselves.
- (chuckles)
♪♪♪
(ice bag crinkles)
Jessica: 'k, just give me
a little smile, jack.
(camera clicks)
Like, a little bit more with
your eyes. Like, that sparkle.
Fred: (chuckles)
you're doin' great, jessica.
- Okay, steaks are done.
Tim: Okay, I'm on it. Ugh!
(camera clicks)
- Jessica...
All my sparkle's used up, okay?
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
Okay, we can do some
more through dinner.
Guys, I know it's a little
unnatural
With the camera around,
so I just wanna say
Thank you to everybody
for playing along.
- Yeah. Especially when...
You two were at each other's
throats earlier.
- Just a...
Small difference of opinion,
fred.
- Yeah, well... (sighs)
My concern is that it seems
to have to do
With our business together.
Is everything okay?
Tim: What, me? Yeah.
I just like to grind
jack's gears.
- No, the truth is,
I can handle the extra cows,
no problem.
Tim: Oh, can ya?
Well, I don't know,
'cause you're not exactly
a spring chicken.
- I'm also not ready to be put
out to pasture, anytime soon.
- Look, maybe not,
But you know,
tim raises a good question.
I mean, what are your uh,
future plans?
I mean, what happens when
you're ready to step aside?
Are you gonna take it on?
- Oh, I dunno.
I've got a lot of things on
the go.
I've got a rodeo school, a wife
I wanna spend some time with.
I dunno, it's a lot of work.
Jack: Amy can do it.
You want to?
- It's something I've thought
about in the past but...
Things are different now,
grandpa.
Jack: There ya go.
So, we cross that bridge
when we get to it.
Now, can we just
enjoy our meal?
- Yeah, can I just get
a picture?
If everyone could
just raise their glass.
- (scoffs)
- that's perfect. Everybody!
Yeah, okay, raise your glasses.
And, okay, if everybody could
just look a little bit happier.
Perfect.
- You know,
I think it's interesting.
- What's that?
- That you, grandpa,
Wouldn't even consider me
as a possible successor.
- Oh, come on, lou!
You're not a rancher.
You've never run an operation
like this before.
- Yeah, and I'd also
never run a diner,
Or a dude ranch,
Or an entire town
before I gave that a try,
And I think I'm doing
a pretty damn good job.
- Of course, you are!
- So, why doesn't my own family
think that I could
Possibly help run
our own business?
- What I meant was--
- You know what?
No need to explain.
I think you made yourself
perfectly clear.
♪♪♪
(knife scrapes sharply)
Lisa: Shoot!
- What's going on?
- Well, there's this very
reputable horse breeder in town
Who wants to have lunch
tomorrow.
(phone beeps, line rings)
- I think you should go.
- Yeah, go!
We'll watch lyndy.
- I was thinking
the same thing,
But I would like to have
amy or lou's blessing, first.
And they're not answering.
- I think my mom
would be fine with it.
- I'm sure you do,
But I'd like to hear
it from her directly, first.
I will just keep trying.
And could you try and do some
dishes, ladies?
All: (laugh)
(animal yelps, owl hoots)
(fire crackles)
- That sky reminds me of peru,
The night we got married.
- Mm-hmm. (small laugh)
- I still can't believe
you guys just eloped.
- Well, we didn't actually
plan it that way.
- We just got kinda swept up
In the unique traditions...
And we just...
Kinda went for it.
- Okay, so why don't you
tell us about these traditions,
'cause we haven't heard
this story, yet.
- Oh, you don't wanna hear
all the boring details.
- Well, it was a beautiful
celebration with a shaman.
- Wait, wait,
you got married by a shaman?
- He had an amazing voice
and so,
We did some sacred chants
with him.
- (hushed) did dad sing? 'cause
he's got a really bad voice.
- Well, he did sound a little
bit more like he was yodelling,
But he was so handsome
in his silk robe.
- He was wearing a silk robe?
- You got any pictures of that?
- No, we don't have any
pictures of that, jack!
- Well, that's too bad 'cause
I'd pay top dollar to see one.
- What happened in peru,
stays in peru.
- (chuckles)
- That sure doesn't sound
like the country-style wedding
I'd expect from
the bartlett-flemings.
I mean, you should've seen the,
the bolo tie I got
For lou and mitch's wedding.
Tim: Hmm.
- Huh.
(fire crackles)
- sorry, I...
It was, it was
a really nice tie.
- Ahem, I'm just gonna...
Go to that little ladies room.
♪♪♪
Lou: (sputters)
I'll tell ya why ya didn't
get to wear your tie, fred.
(sighs)
(scoffs)
I hope that you didn't
cancel your wedding
Because of anything I said.
No, of course not, peter,
lots of other reasons.
Yeah, right.
(calming exhale)
(crickets chirp)
(sighs, keys clack)
I lied, peter.
Of course I cancelled
the wedding...
Because of you. (sighs)
Come on.
♪♪♪
(sharp exhale)
(thunder rumbling)
(tent flap flutters)
- oh.
- Good morning!
- Hmm.
- How ya feelin'?
- I'll take a coffee.
Oh. (winces)
- That sky doesn't
look so good.
- Hmm.
Oh, thank you.
- Whew.
- Mmm. Oh no.
I think I did something.
I think I texted peter
last night.
- Oh no, after all that wine?
- Yeah!
Luckily, we don't have
cell reception here.
I'll just delete it
before we get back in range.
(sighs)
(phone beeps)
- what?
What?! It sent!
No, no, no, no, no!
How is that possible?
- You must've got signal
overnight.
(phone beeps)
- well, I don't have a signal
now!
Okay, we need to just
get back in range,
So I can call him,
and explain. (sighs)
- Come on, how bad can it be?
- We need to get going.
We need to go.
Everybody! (claps)
come on, guys!
Come on! Up and at 'em!
This is a cattle drive!
Let's go! Oh!
Parker: Good morning!
- Hi!
- So, are we on
for babysitting today?
- Well, I haven't been
able to get in touch
With amy or lou, so...
It's not looking good.
Sorry, ladies.
- But we're totally ready.
- Do you have so little
trust in us,
That you're willing
to let an amazing
Business opportunity go away?
- Uh... Okay.
(chair clatters)
sell me.
- What?
- Gimme your best pitch
as to why I should have
Zero concerns with
the two of you babysitting.
- Well, we're both
really good leaders.
- We'll make sure
lyndy knows who's boss.
- Hey!
- Work with us here.
- We are also really honest.
So, we'll give a full report
of everything that happened
While you're away.
Katie: And we're fun!
- And lyndy loves hanging out
with us.
- The time will fly by.
It's only a couple hours,
right?
- Mm-hmm, at the most.
Katie: Great, then...
Let us do this for you.
Don't miss this
important meeting.
- You never know what might
come out of it.
- So, you promise that you
would call me
If there were any problems,
or any concerns, right?
- Of course!
- (sighs) okay.
I'm going to make
an executive decision here
And I'm going to let
these girls babysit.
Katie: (laughs) thank you!
- Yay!
- You won't regret it.
But first... We should probably
discuss our rates.
- Uh huh.
♪♪♪
Amy: Come on, girls!
(cows mooing)
Amy: What's up?
- Thought I heard some...
Calf bawling.
(calf cries in distance)
ah yeah.
Yeah, there it is.
Tim, we got a stray!
- Okay, I'll keep pushin' 'em,
you go after the stray.
Amy: I'll come with you.
- Hup!
- Why don't you head up there,
I'll go a little further down.
(hooves thud in the foliage)
♪♪♪
Amy: Hey, it's okay.
- (shadow neighs)
- No, shadow, hey,
we gotta go find this calf.
Come on! It's okay.
- (shadow neighs)
(hooves thud in the foliage)
♪♪♪
(shadow neighs)
- hey, no, you're okay.
Let's go. This way.
Come on, you're fine!
You're fine,
what's the matter?
(suspenseful music)
(shadow grunts)
- oh no!
♪♪♪
(cows mooing,
hooves clopping)
(thunder rumbles)
- Oh wow, I gotta get that.
(clicks tongue)
Come on!
Okay, I've got tim
herding the cattle,
And the rolling clouds
coming in.
(cows mooing,
camera clicks)
(camera clicks,
approaching hooves thud)
Hey, where are those guys?
- What?
- What're we doin'?
We gotta get moving.
- D-do we really
have to cross that river?
- Yeah! Yeah, it's the only
shallow crossing for 10 miles.
When jack and amy get back,
I really need you
to concentrate on the back end.
- Yeah, I got it!
- Do ya?
'cause jack's gone
after a stray,
And we're just waitin' here.
That's on you.
- Yeah, I'm sorry, we've been
a little distracted.
- (grunts)
(champ nickers)
- So, you obviously feel
like me taking photos
Is a distraction.
- Well...
- What's goin' on, lou?
You seem really annoyed
with me lately.
- (sighs)
Okay, well I don't mean to be,
okay, but since...
You came home married to
my dad, it just seems like...
- Seems like what?
- Like you're taking over
everything, okay?
You're taking over
with your photos in my diner,
And your artisan market
at my dude ranch,
And now,
this entire cattle drive!
- I am doing this
for heartland beef.
I'm doing it for the family.
- Right, right,
'cause suddenly you know
what's best for my family.
(horse nickers)
(tack jingles, hooves thud)
- It's okay.
Shadow: (nervous snort)
(foliage rustles)
Oh no.
What happened?
(loud rustle, snap in distance)
- (shadow neighs wildly)
- Whoa, shadow! Agh!
(buddy neighs)
- Grandpa, the calf's dead.
(cocks gun)
(bear growls, approaching)
(gunshot blasts)
(bear growling)
(growling intensifies)
- Stand your ground, amy.
(bear growling)
- Okay, bear.
(growling intensifies)
grandpa, he's not leaving.
(cocks gun)
(gunshot blasts,
crow caws)
(shallow panting)
(buddy nickers)
♪♪♪
- Are you okay?
- Shadow ran off.
We need to go find him.
(buddy nickers)
(cows mooing)
(hooves thud)
Lou: Were those gunshots?
- Yeah. Stay here.
♪♪♪
Amy: Shadow?
- Amy.
(shadow whinnies)
- Hey, boy!
(foliage rustling)
- Is he okay?
- Grandpa, he's bleeding.
He must've been stabbed
by a branch, or something.
It's a puncture wound.
Tim: Hey. What happened?
Amy: (sighs) there was,
there was a grizzly,
And shadow bolted,
now he's cut up pretty bad.
I wanna get him fixed up
before we go.
- Okay, we gotta get back
to the others.
- Yeah, I know, and we gotta
get outta here,
Before that bear comes back,
too.
- It's okay. All right.
(thunder rumbles,
cows mooing)
What is taking them so long?
- Yeah, I'm getting worried,
too.
- Doesn't look good.
(thunder rumbles)
it's really comin'.
- So, what, what if
we get caught in that?
- The herd could bolt.
(cows mooing)
You can see they're
already getting anxious.
We need to get these cows
moving, now.
- Tim told us to stay put.
- Yeah, they'll catch up with
us. We need to start pushing.
- Well, are you sure?
- Yes, fred, I'm 100% sure.
Come on! We don't have
a second to waste.
We gotta start moving!
Lou: Hup, hup! Come on!
(water splashing,
cows mooing)
Lou: Hup!
(water splashing, cows mooing)
come on, cows, let's go!
Hup! Come on!
Let's go! Hup!
Come on, cow.
(cows mooing)
Lou: All right, come on!
- Come on!
Lou: Hup! Hup!
(cows mooing, water splashing)
Lou: Come on! Come on!
(cows mooing)
Lou: Come on, fred!
Fred: I'm trying!
(cows mooing)
Lou: Hup! Hup!
Keep moving.
I'll get that one.
Hup! Hup! Come on!
That's it.
Hup! Hup!
You've got it. Come on!
Hup!
(water splashing)
(hooves clop)
- come on, get going. Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Lou: Fred, come on!
Just cross!
- (sighs) get, come on!
That's... Yeah. Whoa, whoa!
Whoa! Whoa!
(water splashes,
horse neighs)
(water burbles)
(muffled grunting)
- Lou, help! Help!
Lou: Fred! Fred!
- Lou! Help!
- Fred!
(hooves clopping quickly)
- Help, lou!
- Grab the rope and hang on!
(water splashing)
Lou: You got it! Hang on!
Nice and easy. Nice and easy.
(horse neighs)
Good job, fred!
- (effort grunts)
- You all right?
- (tired panting)
(grunts)
(exhausted exhale)
(running footsteps crunch)
- Okay, I need a timeout.
- Me too.
- No!
Let's play hide-and-seek
together!
- Why don't we play some games
on my ipad?
- Or draw some pictures?
- No!
Tag. You're it.
Start counting!
(running footsteps thud)
- (tired exhale)
- This babysitting sure
isn't as easy
As it's cracked up to be.
- Hey, we're getting paid
by the hour, so...
It's not really the worst thing.
Lyndy: Start counting!
- (chuckles)
(hands clap)
One, two, three,
Four, five...
Jessica: Good job, lou!
You okay?
- Yeah.
- Okay, so should we wait on
the other side with the herd?
- No, we need to keep moving.
- We don't know
how to do this?
- We got the cows across
the river, didn't we?
- Yeah, you, you two did.
- We don't have a choice.
- Okay.
- Mount up! Let's go!
Garland: Thanks.
♪♪♪
- He's in a lot of pain.
We're gonna have to
take it slow.
- We need to get him home
as soon as possible.
I saw we double back to the
trailers and load him up.
- What about the cattle?
- I know you won't have
the most experienced crew,
But you'll have to press on
without us.
- That bear's gonna be around
here somewhere.
You better keep her safe.
- Yeah.
- Lyndy!
- Lyndy, you can come out now!
You win!
(approaching car rumbles)
- lyndy!
Where the heck can she be?
We've checked everywhere!
(car door closes)
- hi!
- Hey!
- What's goin' on?
- Uh, we were just playing
hide-and-seek.
- Oh, fun!
- Yeah, but we sorta
can't find lyndy.
- How long you been looking?
- About an hour.
- An hour?! What?!
Girls, well then uh...
Go look in the barn,
And I'll check the house
more thoroughly.
- Okay.
- An hour?!
- Lyndy!
(hooves thud)
♪♪♪
(champ nickers)
(thunder rumbles)
(hooves rustle in the foliage)
Tim: They crossed the river
on their own.
- What?!
- I know. I asked them to wait.
- Oh, I guess they decided to
cross before the storm hits.
- Why didn't you cross
and go after them?
- Well, they made it through
the toughest part of the drive,
So, I figured we gotta trust
that they can do the rest.
It's gonna take you all day
to get the trailer like that.
So, I think I'll ride ahead,
I'll grab the trailer,
I'll meet you at that
crossroads near number 10.
- Okay!
- Actually, not a bad idea.
Don't tell him I said that.
- Okay, I'm just gonna check
his bandages.
- Quick!
(shadow neighs)
- it's okay.
- Still pretty touchy.
It must be hurtin' him.
- No, I don't think it's that.
I think it's the bear.
- Yup, maybe.
(shadow grunts nervously)
Let's go, then.
- Okay, let's go.
(amy clicks her tongue)
Parker: We've looked
everywhere!
- She's not in the barn
or the quonset hut.
- She's not in the house,
either. I looked every--
What about the treehouse?
- That's the first place
we looked.
- What about right... There?
Katie: Lyndy?
Parker: Lyndy?
- Oh!
- Did I win?
(all laugh)
- are you okay?
- We didn't know
where you were.
- I'm hungry.
I ran outta snacks.
- Well, you clearly are wise
to where I hide the cellar key.
And all the cookies,
missy may.
♪♪♪
(hooves clomp on trailer,
shadow grunting)
Katie: Oh no! Shadow!
- Yeah, he got cut.
It's pretty bad.
- (shadow neighs)
Lisa: What's going on?
- Oh...
It's a long story.
- We'll fill ya in later,
but we gotta go after the herd.
- The...What?
- Well, we got separated
and...
Lou had to finish
the drive on her own.
- What about jessica
and garland?
- Like he said,
she's pretty much on her own.
(champ nickers)
- we'll be back soon as we can.
- You be careful.
- Yup.
(thundering galloping)
♪♪♪
- I... I don't like this.
Jessica's never done
this before.
- Ah, they'll be okay,
'cause lou has.
- Not on her own, jack.
And they got garland with 'em.
(suspenseful music)
- Look at this.
(heroic music)
(lou's horse whinnies)
♪♪♪
(cows mooing)
- (chuckles)
- Yahoo!
♪♪♪
- We did it!
- What happened to you guys?
Where'd you go?
Jack: There was a bear.
- What?!
Where's amy?
- She's back at the house.
She's fine.
- Oh, thank god.
Tim: I can't believe
you made it back.
You did a great job, hun.
Jessica: It was all lou.
You guys should've seen her.
She got the herd
across the river,
And then, she roped fred
and got him out of it.
- It wasn't that big a deal.
- Not true.
You were amazing.
- Well, it turns out, you're
pretty good at this, too.
I couldn't have done it
without you.
- Well, what about me?
- (chuckles) I'm just happy
we got you herded
And home safe, too, fred.
Jack: Okay, let's all get back
to the house now,
Before it comes down.
- Good job.
- Thank you.
♪♪♪
- You know, I've been thinking
about that chat we had.
About our wedding.
Around the campfire?
- I'm sorry.
I know I overshared.
But I mean, you were just
so adorable in that robe!
- It's not--
- you...
- No, it's not that.
I sensed something
in the family.
- Yeah, they thought
it was hilarious.
- Beneath the laughter,
I think they felt...
Left out.
- Really?
- Marriage is a big deal.
I don't think they felt
like they were a part of it.
- Okay, please don't tell me
that you want some big,
Traditional wedding ceremony.
- No, no!
I like the way we did it.
- Okay, good. Me too.
- But maybe a party.
You know...
Like a small reception
for the family.
Think about it.
♪♪♪
- Answer the phone!
- Everything okay?
- Yeah, everything's okay.
I'm just trying to get a hold
of peter, and he's...
Not answering.
(keys clack)
- You know,
that was really something,
What you did out there today.
- (chuckles)
thank you.
- You must have some part
of a rancher's chip
In your dna.
- Cheers.
(glasses clink)
- So, were you serious?
- About what?
- Would you wanna be part of
our cattle business one day?
- Oh, well I don't know
if I'm qualified.
- Lou.
- Look, do you wanna know
what hurt the most?
You assumed amy could do it,
But I was overlooked.
That hurt.
- And I'm sorry about that.
But the truth is,
I never wanna make you or amy
feel that you're obligated
To take over this ranch.
That's what my father did
with me,
And there's no way I would
expect that
From either of you girls.
I'd rather you just
think about it.
Make the decision on your own
when the time comes.
- Grandpa.
- But hey...
What you did today,
I couldn't be more proud.
♪♪♪
(door clicks open)
Hey!
- Hey!
- Jess. Look, I um...
I'm sorry about how
I behaved earlier.
- No, no, there's no need.
I get it.
I wasn't respecting your space.
- You know what?
It's really,
It was really more about me,
than anything.
I was pretty thrown
when you and my dad
Came back from that trip...
Married. I mean...
Talk about world's colliding,
right?
- I can see how that would be
a shock. (chuckles)
- But um, I really am happy
for you both.
- Thank you.
(car rumbling, remi barks)
- Um...Will you excuse me?
- Yeah, of course.
- (readying exhale)
(car door shuts)
Peter! Uh...
What are you doing here?
- I think we should
probably talk, right?
- Yeah.
(breathes shakily)
Lisa: Oh, well he's looking
much more comfortable.
- Yeah, luckily the puncture
didn't hit anything major,
So, after a little time off,
he should make a full recovery.
I have to say,
I was worried about him
at the start of the ride.
I'm so used to having spartan,
who is just so easy.
Working with a colt,
in a new situation,
Doesn't always go
as smoothly as you'd hope.
But, all things considered,
I think he did really well.
- Good horsey.
All: (chuckle)
- He is.
I think this whole thing
Really brought us
closer together, too.
- Aw.
- How were things here, huh?
- Oh, well, um,
I ended up having
a business lunch, so...
Katie and parker
looked after lyndy.
- Their first babysitting gig!
- It was!
- It was awesome!
We even played hide-and-seek,
and I won!
- Did you?
- Yes! She certainly did.
- Well, it sounds like things
went off without a hitch, huh?
- Yeah, pretty much.
Pretty much.
♪ there's a tender heart ♪
♪ beating for you ♪
♪ never loved another ♪
♪ never was untrue ♪
- Oh, thank you.
♪ do you stay in place ♪
♪ do you let it move you ♪
♪ to a tender heart ♪
- Yes.
♪ beating for you ♪
- Yes? To what?
- To the party that
you were talking about.
To...To celebrating our
marriage with the family.
- Really?
- Well... Well, I can see
how they were blindsided.
Especially lou.
- Great.
- Small and simple, right?
- Uh...Yeah.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- You're gonna love it.
♪♪♪
Peter: So... That was
quite the text.
- (sighs) yeah. Um...
I should probably start
by saying
That I sent it after
a few glasses of wine.
- So, it was just
the wine talking?
- No, I didn't say that.
- Okay.
Well, did you mean
what you said?
- (sighs)
yes. I meant it.
Does that scare you?
- I'm here, aren't I?
- So, what do we do now?
♪♪♪
♪ oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ oh oh ♪
♪♪♪